bbc-


The race for the US presidency kicks off in earnest shortly when the Democractic Party convention gets underway.

The four-day event is mostly online.

This is a glorified zoom political convention.

Tonight you are going to see speakers **live** and **taped** who are **coming** in from remote locations all across the country.

The control hub is in xxxx but also New York Los Angeles.

There's all kinds of production that's gonna into tonight but the theme of it politically tonight is "we the people"

The idea is that Democrats are **showcasing** what they says the broad appeal of Joe Biden.

So **you are gonna have** Senator xxx's speaking from the left, you are gonna have the former Republican governor xxx's speaking.

And then you are gonna have the headliner of tonight, xxxx herself, the former first lady.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Opposition protesters in xxx have **held** the 9-th night of protest against the continued leadership of xxx , saying his re-election as president with an offical landslide majority with **fraudulent**.

Serveral thousands demonstrators took over independent Spuare in central xxx.

It could have been the carnival the **proliferation** of **balloons** and red and white opposition banners in Minsk on Monday evening.

But there were steely determination too. One **placard** shows president xxx trademark **mustache**, **dripping** protesters's blood, and behind bars.

Doctors, subway workers and television station employees join strikes.

Works xxx truck plant **heckled** Mr. xxx when he spoke of change eventually but now only over his dead body he said. He left visibily angered, perhaps ready for the **eventuality** of a hasty departure into exile at some stage.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
