0504-bbc-英国首相和未婚妻宣布儿子诞生
1.
fiancee  /ˌfiːɑːnˈseɪ/ n. （法）未婚妻
announce the arrival of the baby boy
be due to do sth
make his first appearance back in parliament today.
wrestle with one of the Europe's wrost outbreaks
sth pour into sb
opponents
being greeted as welcomed light relief
ctiticism of the government handling current crisis will be muted at least for a while.
has got an awaful lot on his plate
2.
Poland
to lay out a plan for easing it's coronovirus lockdown
map out their exit from coronovirus restrictions this week
still needed caution
social distancing is maintained
account for 20% of the economy
The minister in charge
3.
Ugandan
criticize sb for doing sth
allocate themselves 5.5 thousand dollars each
morally reprehensible [,rɛprɪ'hɛnsəbl]
adj. 应斥责的；应该谴责的
4.
Peru
9 inamtes have been killed in a prison riot in Lima

0506-bbc-
1.
Afghanistan
detained Afgan migrants
torture
many of them drowned
consulate ['kɑnsələt]
n. 领事；领事馆；领事任期；领事职位
in Herat
allegedly
beat sb up
rive that flows between the two coutries
have managed to escape
be unaccounted for
be appeared to have been drowned
drown [draʊn]
vt. 淹没；把…淹死
vi. 淹死；溺死
n. (Drown)人名；(英)德朗
2.
daily coronavirus
death toll
has passed ten thousands the highest such figure in Europe
is rising steadily each day
put that down to a big increase in testing over 40-000 people a day in Moscow alone.
that up to half of the new cases are people without symptoms including those detected through screening
where hospital facilities are far worse than in the capital
where medics have been complaining they don't have the masks(mass) and protective clothing to keep them safe.
have been admitted to the hospital
increase the strain on the system
3.
Philippine
temporarily
halt flights bringing back stranded nationals from other coutries
run out of space in it's quarantine centers
the state qurantine facilities are full
in Manila alone
be waiting out a two week qurantine period after
return from working or studying overseas
announced temporary suspension on most passenger flights
to ease congested qurantine centers
work abroad in countries such as ....
still overseas have reacted angrily to news of the flights suspension
questioning why the government made a seemingly abrupt decision to stop them from coming home
4.
Nearly 3000 workers from a German cruise ship have been qurantined on board the vessel transporting them home
after a case of coronavirus was discoverd on a liner.
All will now be tested with results expected on Monday.
A batch of some 200 tests found no further infections
The operator
if they tested negative
