# 0604-bbc-明尼阿波利斯实施宵禁
1.
more than a dozen cities in us be under curfew
as violent protests continued for a (fifth [fɪfθ]) nights after the killing by a police of unarmed black man George Floyd.   
fifth [fɪfθ]  adj. 第五的；五分之一的  n. 第五；五分之一  num. 第五
officals had promised a massive show of force in responsed to five nights of protests which led to (arson and looting)
## 5天的抗议活动导致纵火和抢劫，官员们承诺要大规模动用武力。
be drafted in
urge people to stay at home
But shortly after a night time curfew came into place, police again fired tear gas in an attempt to disperse a sizeable groups of demonstraters.
officers fired rubber [ˈrʌbər] bullets after clashing with protesters, during which serveral police vehicles were set on fire.
rubber [ˈrʌbər]  n. 橡胶
a curfew be now in place there
2.
blame (looters, anarchists) and left wing radicals for the unrest which is the worst since it took office.
justice in the us will never be achieved by an angry mob
The memory of xxx is beeing dishonored by rioters, looters and anarchists, who are (terrorizing the innocent), destoying jos, hurting business and burning down building
called for an end to the violence and condemned the destruction
but also accused Mr trump of giving oxgen to bigotry [ˈbɪɡətri]
bigotry [ˈbɪɡətri]  n. 偏执；顽固；盲从
3.
two of the holist sites in ISLAM have reopened their doors to (the faithful [ˈfeɪθfl]) after shutting down for more than two months because of the coronavirus
faithful [ˈfeɪθfl]  adj. 忠实的，忠诚的；如实的；准确可靠的
analyst
There was much (emotion) as the gates swarmed(swung) opened and hundreds of (worshipers) which could last make their way
into the compound that surround the (Al-Aqsa Mosque), the third holiest site in islam
The many weeks of closure had (ended the whole sacred month of Ramadan [ˈrɑːmədɑːn]), passed without belivers being able to hold the usual daily prayers at Al-Aqsa
Ramadan [ˈrɑːmədɑːn]  n. 斋月（伊斯兰教历的九月，等于Ramazan)
Worshipers were told to wear face masks and bring their own prayer mats.
Authority in Saudi Arabia had issued similar instructions ahead of today's reopening of Mosque across the kindom and Grand Mosque in Mecca will stay shut
4.
Uganda where there are around 400 confirmed cases of covid-19.
offical say 50 truck drivers arrived the country from south Sudan have tested positive for the virus
among 84 new cases in Uganda in the past day
the highest registered numbers since first infection was confirmed in March
Testing **at border crossings** has led to long (queues).

# 0608-bbc-
1.
protest have aruptly (erupted) in more than 75 cities across united states as an unrest intensifies over the killing by police over african-american man xxxx
Many demonstration over his death and broader issue of a (perceived) ploice brutality is ended into violent
Washington saw some of the worst unrest
the third night of protests in American capital has been the most chatic(chaotic)
after hours peaceful demonstration of remberings(remembrance) for xxxx,
(dusk )brought about a change of mood, the white house often dispearing from view in the (haze) of tear gas
building in the surrounding streets were vandlized and even (set on) fire, and police fired (pellets) and sound bombs
and as it has been the case in many part of the countryk
there was a sense that officers had little regard for the media at one point charging full force into our own (cameraman)
2.
(It's emerged that) president Trump was briefly taken to an emergency (bunker) in the white house on friday.
because of concern about threat from protesters outside the building..
there are growing calls for the president to (address the nation) from (the Oval Office) and call for calm..
Asked if xxx plan to do so, his national security advisor said the president spoke to the nation in other way
3.
long queues have formed outside shop selling alchol(alcohol) in south africa
as restriction on it's (cellar) lifted for the first time in two months
South african is  anxcious(anxious) to take advantage of partial lifting of the coutry's strict alcohol ban
Alcohol can now be bought for home consumtion,
(The ban was introduced in order to reduce ) alcohol-fuelled violence during the lockdown
and relieve pressrue on hospital casuality(casualty) work(ward) so that it could focus on tact(tackling) in the coronavirus...
South Africa is now easing some lockdown restrictions to help revive it's economy but there is concern that infection rate, a beginning to rise sharply.
4.
proposed baning the use of samrt phone while working (in a first for japan)
a growing number of accidents are caused by (pedestrians glued to) their phones
found that if 1500 smart phone users cause)(cross) tokyo famous (Shibuya Scramble) simultaneously...
only a third will make it safelly to the other side without incident.

# 0613-bbc-
1.
More than 34 years after the murder of the Swedish prime minister xxxx, procuters(prosecutors) say they have identified his killer.
He is xxxx, a grahpic designer.
two witnesses has (seen) a person dressed like him running from the murder (scene).
xxx was killed as he was returnning home from the cinema.
Stockholm
### Stockholm   n. 斯德哥尔摩（瑞典首都）
This is a crucial moment in a case that's been poured over by the police and journalists for more than 30 years.
The man prosecutors now believe shot xxxx had previously been considered a witness in the case.
He'd been working late in a nearby office.
No weapean or new (forensic [fəˈrenzɪk,fəˈrensɪk]) evidence has been found,
### forensic [fəˈrenzɪk,fəˈrensɪk]  adj. 法医的；法院的；辩论的；适于法庭的  n. 司法鉴定手段；司法鉴定部门
But after looking at his police statments, they can concluded his version of advance(events) didn't (add up)
## 但在看了他的警方声明后，他们可以得出结论，他对事态发展的说法没有道理
And not a single other witness remember seeing him the sin of the crime.
He was known to a critique(critic) of xxx social demacractic policies, he was confident using guns and had many troubles and alochor(alcohol) problems
He killed himself in the year 2000, which means he'll never be bought to trial.
2.
A new report assessing the impact to the coronavirus pandemic on world economies has describe the outlook as dire.
The organization for economic cooperation in development, says counties around world face a deep reception.
In the light of the (immense) uncertainty about how the coronavirus pandemic might unfall(unfold),
the OECD has assessed two alternative scenarios, one in which the virus continue to (recede), and one in which a seconde wave of (contagion [kənˈteɪdʒən]) erupts later in the year.
### contagion [kənˈteɪdʒən]  n. 传染病；蔓延；触染
The report describe both as (sobering), in neigher can economic activity return to normal
The deep recetion(recession) will be followed by a slow recovery, in the gloomer(gloomier) scenario, the decline this year will be very severe,
more than seven and half percent and recovery next year, especially weak
By the end of the 2021, 5 or more years of income growth could be lost in many countries.
demacract
3.
Democrats  in the us have indroduced legislation in both house of congress to address police reform following the killing of the african-american xxxx
They are trying to (schedule) a vote towards the end of the month.
## 他们正设法在月底前进行投票。
4.
The Oscar-winning film (Gone with the Wind) has been removed from the streaming platform (hbo mats), after the company reassessed the policy following mass portesets
against racism.
**xxx reamins in real terms of the highest grossing movie ever persvered in the America national film registry.**
Yet from the start, it divided the opinion.
**Some Black Ameraicans hope the first ever oscar for a black actor awarded to xxx, who play the servant, will lead to a increase on screen visibilty of african-americans**
**Others though always felt perpetuated [pərˈpetʃueɪt] black stereotypes, what one called duitiful and content black slaves incapable [ɪnˈkeɪpəbl] of an independent exsitence**
## 其他虽然总是觉得延续黑人刻板印象,一个所谓duitiful和内容黑人奴隶一个独立生存的能力
### perpetuate [pərˈpetʃueɪt]  v. 使持续，使长存，使永久化（尤指不好的事物）
### incapable [ɪnˈkeɪpəbl]  adj. 不能的；无能力的；不能胜任的
**One (campaigner) (called the Gone with Wind) a weapon of terror against black America**
