0702-bbc-
1.
More than half of a million people worldwide have now lost their lives as a result of the coronavirus pandemic
By far, 125,000 death
grim, **besides** the record number of death, a number of confirmed cases of covid-19 earlier reached the new **milestone** of ten million
the virus is spreading like a wildfire
In Brazil, the worst **affacted** coutry after the us, more than 57,000 people have **died**
while the number of death in russia and india is relatively low, the number of confirmed cases is dangerously high, **racing** the prospect of more **deaths** in the furture.
2.
president has deleted the viedo he shattered on Twitter which **sparked** to widespread outrage, which some members of his own republic party had called it offensive and **indefensible [ˌɪndɪˈfensəbl]**
## indefensible [ˌɪndɪˈfensəbl]  adj. 站不住脚的；不能防卫的；无辩护余地的
In the footage, one of the president's supporters was seen shouting 'white power' at protesters.
The party's only Afica-American senator xxxx had been on monday calling the video to be taken down.
3.
xxx has passed **resolution [ˌrezəˈluːʃn]** to replace the state flag with one without the **confederate** emblem
### resolution [ˌrezəˈluːʃn]  n. [物] 分辨率；决议；解决；决心
The emblem is viewed by many as racist symbol and the it's presence has been reexamined **amid** continuing protest against racial and justice.
which flag **features** the confederate emblem.
4.
France's green party has made a strong show in the second round of local election
# Their gains appear to have come at the expense of the Socialists, alghtouh xxx **held on her post as** mayor of Paris.
# The socialists held on to Paris, where the Mayor xxx was **in alliance with** the Greens and **had campaigned strongly on** environmental issues
made little headway, confirming the difficulty it faces in establishing a **grassroots** base.
it's far from clear whether he'll take up the post or stay on as prime minister.
**Turnout [ˈtɜːrnaʊt] in the vote**, which was delayed by the coronavirus pandemic, was very low.
## Turnout [ˈtɜːrnaʊt]  n. 产量；**出席者**；参加人数；出动；清除；[公路] 岔道
