0707-bbc-英国商铺开始陆续开业
1.
President xxx has used a speech celebrating independence day to condemn what he called a **merciless** campaine to wipe out america history and the famous heros.
despite the **raging** coronavirus pendamic
## merciless [ˈmɜːrsɪləs] adj. 残忍的；无慈悲心的
# rage [reɪdʒ] n. 愤怒；狂暴，肆虐；情绪激动  vi. 大怒，发怒；**流行，风行**  n. (Rage)人名；(丹)拉厄
In a **fiery** speech xxx sought to **draw a start contrast** between himself and his demacrated rival xxx going into November presidential election.
# In the shadow of the monument depicting four former presidents, he took issue with recent instances of lawlessness and **branded** protests about police brutality and **racial injustice(注意连读)** the product of what he called a left-wing cultural revolution.
He went on to condemn angry mobs that by toppling the statues of confedrate leaders were seeking to **in his words(插入语容易造成理解障碍)** **eradicate** the nation's heritage.
### eradicate [ɪˈrædɪkeɪt] vt. 根除，根绝；消灭
2.
he's fired 31 **soldiers** accused of being involved **sexual abuse** of young girls.
### soldier [ˈsoʊldʒər]  n. 军人；[昆] 兵蚁；懒汉；一片烤面包  vi. 当兵；磨洋工；坚持干；假称害病
## sexual abuse 性虐待
The men are among a group of almost 120 soldires being investigated for similar crimes in the last 4 years.
Announcing the **dismissals**, promised **zero tolerance for sexual abuse** **in the ranks**.
## dismissal [dɪsˈmɪsl]  n. 解雇；免职
## zero tolerance for sexual abuse 对性虐待零容忍
The colombian army has logn denied a systematic effort to protect soldiers involed in sexual violence against **minors**
# Colombians were shocked last month **at the details of** another **horrific** case 7 soldires **confessed** they raped **a 13-year-old** **indigenous** girl.
## horrific [həˈrɪfɪk] adj. 可怕的；令人毛骨悚然的
3.
Many bussinesses in England were among **the bussinesses being allowd to resume trading** 15 weeks after the lockdown was imposed.
British government has urged people not to **get carried way**.
has urged people to act responsibly and **respect social distancing** to aviod the virus spreading widely once more and restrictions being reimposed.
Goverment **is weighing up** the social and economic benefits of openning up against the possibility that infections increase.
# Half ministers have chosen the right moment to take what xxx called **the biggest step yet** on the road to recovery
4.
**dilluted the law** requiring the mandatory wearing a face mask in public.
vetoed their **obligatory** use in shop churh, school arguing this could be **unconstitutional**
he also halted the distribution of masks to the poor, congress must now decide whether or not to overturn the veto.
