bbc-
1.
the late financier and convicted pedophile, have refused bailed after pleading not guilty to charges that she helped him to abuse underage gilrs.
a full trial is set for July next year.
xx alleged to co-conspirator appeared via video link in court from a small white room.
Stripped of her privilege in brown prison top with her hair tied back, she sat mostly expressionless during the hearing, which lasted for more than two hours.
judge announced that the bail will be denied, xxx hung her head and used her finger to wipe under her eye.
She had hoped to be realeased to stay in luxury hotel until her trail. Instead, she'll remain heavily guarded at a prision in Berkely
2.
9 billion by the end of this century about 2 billion people fewer in total precdicted by UN projections
the current global population is nearly 8 billion.
will have declining populations by the year 2100.
and a score of other countries would be half what they are known it says.
to have somewhat smaller xx , though still over a bilion.
Sub-Saharan will triple in size to 3 billion with xxx by thought of the most poplulous african country.
The study decirbes a samller overall population increase to decline in female fertility as women become more educated.
3.
have announced a total lockdown of captital xx and neibouring xx state to control the spread of coronavirus.
meassures come intto effect on wednesday, lower levels of the disease have been recorded in xxx than in other south american country.
cut the chain of the contagion
4.
has said he expected daily death from coronavirus outbreak in america to rise again, but not to the levles seen during the first phase of pandemic, he attributed this to the lower age of those inffected.
if you look at the age range of the individuals of getting infected now as opposed to early on, a few months ago. 
It's about decades to a decade and a half younger, so even if young people which some do,get sick enough to get hospitalized, 
it is highly unlikely that the death rate among them are gonna be at level of death rate what we saw in the real core of the explosion that we saw in the north-eastern part of the country.