bbc-
1.
The veteran [ˈvetərən] US civial right campaigner xx has died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 80. he was serving his 17th term as a congressman.
### veteran [ˈvetərən]  n. 老兵；老手；富有经验的人；老运动员  adj. 经验丰富的；老兵的
die of sth  死于xxx原因
pancreatic
He was of one of the organizers of the March Washonton in 1963 along with Doctor xxx and was one of the original Freedom Riders in the 1960s protesting against segregation on buses.
segregation
This is was sb who from a very early age was engaged in non-violent struggle to try to change the equation, to try to change the balance of power in the United States when white supremacy was the norm, and he felt there was a battle to be forged.
supremacy
I thinked that his parting will be a grievous blow, but also a reminder that the battle that he has waged since he was a very young man is not over yet, though arguably progress is being made.
parting 离别
grievous 
wage a battle  发动战争
arguably
2. 
The United States has recorded more than 70,000 new cases of the coronavirus for a second day in a row as health offical rule out to return to classes for millions of schoolchildren.
rule out to do sth 否决做某事
In the two most poplous us states California and Texas at least 11 million children will have to be schooled from home in the coming weeks 
be schooled from home
poplous 人口多的
in the coming weeks
supports the move 
we know the pendamic has continued to impact our communities especially those low-income communities or most of the families that we serve,  live and work in.  
With that said, we have some clear concern in questions about the type of learning that will take place given the extent of the school closures.
have concern in sth .. 对xxx有明确的考虑
given the extent of sth ... 考虑到xxx
PHRASE If you say given that something is the case, you mean taking that fact into account. 考虑到
•  Usually, I am sensible with money, as I have to be, given that I don't earn that much. 
我花钱通常是很明智的。考虑到自己挣得不多，必须这样做。
3.
Police in the US city of Chichago have clashed with protesters trying to pull down a statue of Christopher Columbus.
clash with sb 和...产生冲突
pull down 推倒
Officers guarding in the monument in Grant Park used pepper spray after they were pelted with stones, fireworks and glass bottles.
guarding xxx 是定语
pepper spray
be pelted with sth
At one point, a crowd of protesters attach ropes to the statue, but they were driven back
be driven back 被赶走 
4.
# The United Nation Secretary General xxxx has strongly criticized the world's biggest powers for failing to work together to tackle the coronavirus crisis.
criticized sb for doing sth...
tackle the crisis 处理危机
the relagionship of between the us, china and russia was dysfunctional
dysfunctional /dɪsˈfʌŋkʃənəl/ 
ADJ Dysfunctional is used to describe relationships or behaviour which are different from what is considered to be normal. (关系或行为)异常的
•  ...the characteristics that typically occur in a dysfunctional family. 
...出现在关系异常家庭的典型特征。
also suggested the UN Security Council should be expanded to better reflect to world functional.
I think it to be very good if there will be consensus to have reforms allowing those institutions to be much more clearly linked today's reality.
# And that would make, i am sure, not only them more effective but also more legitimate in the eyes of population of the world.  
not only xxx but also xxxx
不仅更有效率， 在全世界人民眼中也会更合法



At this point you might be waiting for a xxxx to come riding in on a white horse and save the day.