bbc-
1.

## In his first coronavirus briefing for weeks, xxx has said the outbreak is likely to get worse before it get better.
briefing /ˈbriːfɪŋ/
N-VAR A briefing is a meeting at which information or instructions are given to people, especially before they do something. 信息发布会; 指示传达会
•  They're holding a press briefing tomorrow.
 他们明天将召开新闻发布会

## xxx urged people to use masks and defended the administration's handling of the disease.

## Striking a noticealbly more meassured tone than during some of his early briefing on the virus, xx told Americans that they have to be smart to defeat the disease.

## He said people should use masks if they were unable to socially distance themselves from those around them.
distance sb from sth

## Once reluctant to be seen wearing a face covering himself, he was getting used to it and would gladly wear a mask when he was with groups of people.
get used to sth <=> be used to sth  习惯某事
gladly


## He also said young people should avoid crowded bars.

## The president acknowledged that some parts of the country were dealing with upsurging cases and the outbreak was far from over.
be far from over 远未结束

XX said the mortality rate in the Uinted States had continued to delcine.

Tuesday's national figure for death has surpassed 1000 for the first time in nearly fifty days.

2.

## xxx had said he wishes xxx well as she awaits trial in the United States.
1.
wish sb well 希望某人过得好
2.
V-T If you await someone or something, you wait for them. 等候
•  Very little was said as we awaited the arrival of the chairman.
我们在等候主席的到来时几乎没说什么话。

## She has been charged with facilitating the abuse of underage girls for the former banker and sex offender, xxxx.
1.
facilitate /fəˈsɪlɪˌteɪt/
V-T To facilitate an action or process, especially one that you would like to happen, means to make it easier or more likely to happen. 促进
•  The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism.
新机场将促进旅游业的发展。
2.
facilitator /fəˈsɪlɪteɪtə/
N-COUNT A facilitator is a person or organization that helps another person or organization to do or to achieve a particular thing. 协调者
•  The conference is chaired by a highly skilled facilitator who has been fully trained.
会议由一位受过充分训练、技巧娴熟的协调人主持。

## Responding to a question at the end of this news conference xxx said he had'n been following the case but had met xxx numerous times.
1.
at conference 在会议上
2.
had beeng doing sth 过去完成进行时， 表示过去持续发生

## She has pleaded not guilty, but has been denied bail.
1.
V-I When someone charged with a crime pleads guilty or not guilty in a court of law, they officially state that they are guilty or not guilty of the crime. 表示服罪/不服罪
•  Morris had pleaded guilty to robbery.
莫里斯已经承认犯有抢劫罪。
2.
deny sth 拒绝给予/否认 某事

3.

## The acting secretary of the us homeland security xx has defended the actions of federal law enforcement officers who have been protecting buildings against demonstrators in the city of Portland, Oregen.
1.
defend sth
2.

## denied claims the security officers had no identification and insisted they were wearing police insignia.
1.
claims (xxxx do sth) 同位语
2.
insignia /ɪnˈsɪɡnɪə/
N-COUNT An insignia is a design or symbol that shows that a person or object belongs to a particular organization, often a military one. 徽章
•  The red star was the national insignia of the USSR.
 红星是前苏联的国徽。

## These police officers are not storm troopers, ther are not the Gastapo as some have described them.
1.
storm trooper 突击队员
trooper /ˈtruːpə/      
N-COUNT In the United States, a trooper is a police officer in a state police force. (美国的) 州警察
•  Once long ago he had considered becoming a state trooper.
 很久以前他曾考虑过当一名州警官。
2.
Gestapo /ɡɛˈstɑːpəʊ, ɡeˈʃtaːpo/
N the secret state police in Nazi Germany, noted for its brutal methods of interrogation 盖世太保

## That description is offensive. It's hyperbolic and dishonest and every law enforcement officer and every reasonable American knows this.
1.
hyperbolic /ˌhaɪpəˈbɒlɪk/
ADJ If you describe language as hyperbolic, you mean that it makes something sound much more impressive than it really is. 运用夸张法的; 夸张的

4.

## A development agency is warning the covid-19 is bringing a perfect storm of a humanitarian tarian challenges to countries suffering from poverty, conflict and environmental problems.
1.
bring a challenge to sth 给xxx带来挑战
2.
suffer from sth 遭受xxxx
3.
humanitarian aid
environmental problems

## The group Development Initiatives says the need for humanitarian aid is greater than ever, but it warns rich coutires diverting resources to domestic concerns
1.
N-COUNT An initiative is an important act or statement that is intended to solve a problem. (重要的) 法案; 倡议
•  Local initiatives to help young people have been inadequate.
 当地对年轻人的扶助法案一直不够完善。
2.
divert sth to sth else. 把xxx转向xxxx

## Last year, over one billion peole were living in counties affected by conflict, displacement or natural disasters.

## That's according to the 2020 Global Humanitarian Assistance Report which also said that 34 such nations are among those requiring help to deal with the effects of novel coronavirus.
1.
novel /ˈnɑːvl/
ADJ Novel things are new and different from anything that has been done, experienced, or made before. 新奇的
•  Protesters found a novel way of demonstrating against steeply rising oil prices.
 抗议者们找到一种新奇的示威方式来反对石油价格的飙升。
The author reported  by 1. billion dollars.
