拒绝做某事
decline to do sth

就某事谴责某人
codemn sb over sth

处于昏迷状态
in a coma

a soviet era nerve agent
苏联时期的毒剂

没有批评
stop short of criticizing sb

key messages:
Russia opposition leader xxxxx
Soviet era nerve agent
Trump Putin

He stoped short of criticizing President Putin, which has been a constant pattern throughout Mr. Trump's presidency.

----------------------------------------------------------

have clashed 
发生冲突

losers and suckers

已故的儿子
whose late son

跌落
fall fell fallen

key messages:
    allegation about fallen american soldiers

Biden: 
    disgusting and un-American
Trump: 
    fake news

----------------------------------------------------------

满足所有的需求
meet all the requirements

rallying cries
集会口号

economic collapse and the latest terrible calamity
经济崩溃和最新的可怕灾难

hold A to blame for B
认为A造成了B， A是B的原因

It's become one of the rallying cries against the entire political system, which Lebanese hold to blame for the country's economic collase and the latest terrible calamity a month ago.

破坏一个生物多样性丰富的山谷
destory a valley rich in biodiversity

引发潜在的危险
pose an earthquake risk

seismic fault line
ADJ Seismic means caused by or relating to an earthquake. 地震的; 地震引起的
•  Earthquakes produce two types of seismic waves. 
 地震产生两种类型的地震波。

N-COUNT A fault line is a long crack in the surface of the earth. Earthquakes usually occur along fault lines. 断层线

key messages:
world bank canceled a loan for a dam in Lebanon 

world bank: 
    fail to meet all the requirements
the government: 
    an essential means of providing drinking water and irrigation
Lebanese:
    political system caused country's economic collase and the latest terrible calamity
enviromentalists:
    destory a valley rich in biodiversity
    pose an earthquake risk as it is situated on a seismic fault line

----------------------------------------------------------

逮捕至少12人
have arrested at least a dozen people

对某人罚款
V-T If someone is fined, they are punished by being ordered to pay a sum of money because they have done something illegal or broken a rule. 罚款
•  She was fined $300 and banned from driving for one month. 
 她被罚款$300，并被禁止驾车1个月。

in defiance of social distancing
违抗某事
N-UNCOUNT Defiance is behaviour or an attitude which shows that you are not willing to obey someone. 违抗; 蔑视
•  ...his courageous defiance of the government. 
 …他对政府的大胆蔑视

It is not safe, it is not smart, it is not lawful.
The only protest we should be engaged in, the only argument, the only fight we should be engaged in is against this virus.Let's not any of us do anything that might see more coronavirus cases rahter than less.

key messages:
Police in Melbourne have arrested at least a dozen people and fined more than a hundred at protest against coronavirus restrictions.

people: 
    shouted freedom
    in defiance of social distancing

state premier:
    condemened the protest
    not safe, not smart, not lawful, 
    absolutely selfish
    agianst the virus is the only protest we should be eangaged in.
