# 0330-bcc-英国国家医疗服务机构被斥责
1.
Tighter restrictions have come into force in Russian to
try to slow spread of the covid-19
along with..
the mayor [ˈmeɪər] of Mosocow
this 9 day break is not a holiday
urge sb not to do sth
mayor [ˈmeɪər] n. 市长
unelss in dire [ˈdaɪər] need
dire [ˈdaɪər] adj. 可怕的；悲惨的；极端的
Many lives depend on each and every one of us, he said.
2.
Ireland has gone to lockdown to fight the spread of the coronavirus
curb individual liberty but it was necessary
3.
President Trump has sigend into law $2 trillion emergency spending package to relive the impact of coronavirus on the US economics.
The US has now reported more than 100 thousand cases of the vius more than any other county
President Trump has use war-time legislation to order the car-maker Gener Motors to shift the  production of much-needed ventilators to treat patients infected with the COVID-19
ventatlator => ventilators
4.
One of the Braitain's most (prestigious [preˈstiːdʒəs]) (medical) magazine has launched a (blistering) attack on the government handling of the coronavirus pandemic.
prestigious [preˈstiːdʒəs] adj. 享有声望的，受尊敬的，地位显赫的
In an editoral, the (Lancet )has said natioanl health service bosses had ignored the numerous warnings.
At the end of January, a paper in the Lancet warned the coronavirus outbreaking in WUHAN could become a global epidemic.
who's been a vocal critic of the UK coronavirus emergency plans
the NHS should have been put on higher (alert) with Feburary used to expand coronavirus testing
(ensuring) there was enough personal protected equipment and training of staff
In (an) editoral, he claims none of that happended and says the result has been chaos and panic across the NHS.
He says its a national scandal the gravity [ˈɡrævəti] of which has yet to be understood.
gravity [ˈɡrævəti] n. 重力，地心引力；严重性；庄严

# 0331-bcc-新冠疫情引发家庭虐待问题
1.
Itay is currently experiencing the highest point
the reason(recent) rise in cases was done to more tests been conducted
we are living in the peak of this epdia ( epidemic )
in a one week time, ten day maximum, we will see as easily drop of positive cases
ten thousands have dead
2.
Numerous
the need for family (to stay indoors for extended period) could lead to (increase) cases of abuse
Australia is to boot funding to tackle abuse by nearly 100 million after support service reported on increasing coronavirus related family abuse.
We are very aware of the greatest stresses that are going on Australian families and households.
For most we hope, home where people will be for a lot of time this year it would be a safe place.
we need to work to counter [ˈkaʊntər] that threat to those individuals as well.
3.
ThaiLand website set up for register citzens (eligible for cash handout [ˈhændaʊt] s)in the wake of coronavirus outbreak has failed after 20 million peoples
handout [ˈhændaʊt] n. 散发材料（免费发给的新闻通报）；上课老师发的印刷品；文字资料 	（会议上分发的）；施舍物
try to access it.
Bangkok  has promised to give just over 150 dollars a month to those whose bussiness have suffered because of the virus.
4.
India has asked his coutry forgiveness after inpusing(imposing) a three week coronavirus lock-down
a life and death battle
(Criticism) has mounted over the lack of the planning ahead of the shutdown which indroduced with only a few hours notice.
5.
Gang (campaigners) in the US have welcomed moves by the Trump administration to classify fire arms as a essential after many stores were shut because of the coronavirus restrictions
pandemic [pænˈdemɪk]
which is led to closure of the non-essential bussiness in serval states.
The (designation [ˌdezɪɡˈneɪʃn]) was added to a list of a critical infrastructure originally released last week, a individual state will still decide their own policy
designation [ˌdezɪɡˈneɪʃn] n. 指定；名称；指示；选派

# 0401-bcc-需求下降 原油价格下跌
1.
number in Spain
come into force
Madrid
2.
Japan
173 new cases
3.
Oil price the demand for the crude oil
4.
easy jet


# 0403-voa-
poor Hygiene
sanitation
debilitating illnesses
cholera, dysentery, typhoid
drill bits
clay cutter
Employing local drillers
has dug 230 wells in villiages in Malawi a landlocked() country in South east Arica
faith-based organization in 1994, when he saw how rural Africans got their waters
livestock
bathe in it
a point of water
every open water source is contaminated
be known as warm-hearted
live up to that
hospitable
crucial component for each community plan
5 kid leaders
equally purposes
primary
break down
adress a problem


# 0403-voa-
threw away
it was rare that ...
chef
co-owner
as much sth as ..
discarded trim
yields
catalyst
composting
philosophy
crunchy
saute
shallots that are little ripe
celery trim
broth
the Swiss chard stems
tempura fry them
dipping sauce
crystal
end up in the trash

```block

```

# dire <note> [ˈdaɪər]
ADJ [强调] -- Dire is used to emphasize how serious or terrible a situation or event is. 严重的; 可怕的
•  The government looked as if it would split apart, with dire consequences for domestic peace.
政府看似就要分崩离析，给国内和平带来可怕的后果。
ADJ [非正式] -- If you describe something as dire, you are emphasizing that it is of very low quality. 质量低劣的
•  ...a book of children's verse, which ranged from the barely tolerable to the utterly dire.
...一本儿童诗集，所选诗篇有的勉强可读，有的糟糕透顶。
4.

# mayor <note> [ˈmeɪər]
++ ( mayors )
N-COUNT -- The mayor of a town or city is the person who has been elected for a fixed period of time to run its government. 市长
•  ...the new mayor of New York.
…新任纽约市长。
4.

# prestigious <note> [preˈstiːdʒəs]
ADJ -- A prestigious institution, job, or activity is respected and admired by people. 有声望的
•  It's one of the best equipped and most prestigious schools in the country.
它是该国设备最好、最有声望的学校之一。
4.

# Lancet <note> [ˈlænsɪt]
N -- a pointed surgical knife with two sharp edges (外科)柳叶刀 (Also called lance)
4.

# gravity <note> [ˈɡrævəti]
N-UNCOUNT -- Gravity is the force that causes things to drop to the ground. 地球引力; 重力
•  Arrows would continue to fly forward forever in a straight line were it not for gravity, which brings them down to earth.
要不是重力使箭掉落地上，它将会一直沿直线往前飞行。
N-UNCOUNT -- The gravity of a situation or event is its extreme importance or seriousness. (事态、事件等的) 重要
•  The president said those who grab power through violence deserve punishment which matches the gravity of their crime.
总统说那些通过暴力攫取权力的人应当受到与其罪行严重性相一致的惩罚。
N-UNCOUNT -- The gravity of someone's behaviour or speech is the extremely serious way in which they behave or speak. (行为、说话的) 严肃
•  There was an appealing gravity to everything she said.
她说的一切都带有一种吸引人的严肃与庄重。
4.

# pandemic <note> [pænˈdemɪk]
++ ( pandemics )
N-COUNT [正式] -- A pandemic is an occurrence of a disease that affects many people over a very wide area. 流行病
•  They feared a new cholera pandemic.
他们担心一种新的霍乱流行病。
4.

# handout <note> [ˈhændaʊt]
++ ( handouts )
N-COUNT -- A handout is a gift of money, clothing, or food, which is given free to poor people. 施舍物; 救济品; 救济金
•  Each family is being given a cash handout of six thousand rupees.
每个家庭都被给予6000卢比的救济金。
N-COUNT [表不满] -- If you call money that is given to someone a handout, you disapprove of it because you believe that the person who receives it has done nothing to earn or deserve it. 不劳而获的钱
•  ...the tendency of politicians to use money on vote-buying handouts rather than on investment in the future.
…政客们用钱送人拉选票而不是用于未来投资的趋势。
N-COUNT -- A handout is a document which contains news or information about something and which is given, for example, to journalists or members of the public. 传单; 宣传品
•  Official handouts describe the Emperor as "particularly noted as a scholar."
官方宣传品把这位皇帝描述成“尤以饱学著称”。
4.



# handout <note> [ˈhændaʊt]
++ ( handouts )
N-COUNT -- A handout is a paper given out to students by a teacher, that contains a summary of the information or topics that will be dealt with in a lesson. (教师给学生的) 讲义
•  Many teachers are opting for group discussions instead of handouts.
许多教师选择组织小组讨论，而不是发讲义。
4.

# designation <note> [ˌdezɪɡˈneɪʃn]
++ ( designations )
N-VAR [正式] -- A designation is a description, name, or title that is given to someone or something. Designation is the fact of giving that description, name, or title. 指定; 名称; 头衔
•  Wilderness designation prohibits road building, the use of mechanized equipment and most other developments.
荒野之地禁止筑路、使用机械设备以及绝大多数其它的开发。
4.

# Bangkok /bæŋˈkɔk/
n. 曼谷（泰国首都）
• FOUR years of upheaval have set a high bar for street protests in Bangkok.
四年来的动乱已经为曼谷的街头抗议设立了一个高门坎。
• Another two or three decades and Michael might have the most impersonators from Bangkok and Brazil.
再过个二三十年，从曼谷到巴西，迈克尔可能会拥有最多的模仿者。
• Countries including Britain, France and the US have urged their citizens to avoid trips to Thailand, and advised those already in Bangkok to stay in their hotels and away from protests.
包括英国、法国以及美国在内的众国家都督促他们的公民避免到泰国去旅游，并建议那些已经在曼谷的公民留在酒店内，远离冲突。
4.
